{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This folder contains composite images meant to demonstrate the ability to and value of fine tuning the contrast enhancement process, beyond simply how much the overall contrast changes.\
\
The top left image is more or less the same as the input.\
\
The top right image is the result of applying the \'93Normal\'94 recipe. But notice how it can amplify the fine details in a face in unflattering ways.\
\
The bottom right image is the result of applying the \'93Faces\'94 recipe. This increases the contrast of broader, wider details more than the finer details. It can thus provide a large amount of broad contrast enhancement without amplifying wrinkles and blemishes as much. Which is why it is called \'93Faces\'94.\
\
The control of the relative contrast enhancement at different levels of detail is a very subtle and complicated process that very few people will want to understand and manipulate. Which is why multiple automatic  \'93recipes\'94 are expected to be provided, as is common in many image enhancement applications.\
\
The settings used here are selected to work best when sizes of the faces involved are somewhere between maybe 12% and 30% of the overall image size.\
******************************\
The bottom left image is  processed using the \'93Evidence\'94 recipe. This is not designed to produce aesthetically pleasing results. But rather, it is designed to make as many details of the scene as possible simultaneously visible. This is a first attempt to provide what you might want to use for such things as crime scene photos and rental agency property inspections.}